 
LR41 - AR01 - 058:
 Juvenile Cases.
All Juvenile cases (JC, JD, JM, JP, JS, and JT) shall be filed in the Johnson Circuit Court.
A.
 CHINS and Terminations. Unless a written order indicates otherwise, Juvenile CHINS (JC) and Juvenile Termination
(JT) cases shall be heard by the Judge of the Johnson Circuit Court.
B.
 Other Juvenile Cases. Unless a written order indicates otherwise, Juvenile Delinquency (JD), Juvenile Miscellaneous
(JM), Juvenile Paternity (JP), and Juvenile Status (JS) cases shall be heard by the Juvenile and Family Court
Magistrate.
LR41 - AR01 - 059:
 Family Court Cases.
Unless otherwise indicated by a written order, all Family Court cases shall be heard by the Juvenile and Family Court
Magistrate of the Johnson Circuit Court.
LR41A.
B.
C
D.
E.
F.
G.
H.
- AR01 - 060:
 Remaining Civil Cases.
Reciprocal Support. Reciprocal Support (RS) cases shall be filed in the Johnson Circuit Court and will beard by the
Magistrate of the Juvenile and Family Court.
Probate. All Probate cases (AD, ES, EM, EU, GU, MH, and TR) shall be filed in the Johnson Superior Court No. 1.
Consumer Collection. All Consumer Collection (CC) cases shall be filed in the Johnson Superior Court No. 1.
Domestic Relations. Domestic Relations (DR) cases shall be filed in the Johnson Circuit Court and the Johnson
Superior Court No. 2, on a random and even basis.
Civil Plenary. All Civil Plenary (PL) cases will be filed in the Johnson Superior Court No. 1.
Remaining Civil Cases. All remaining civil cases (CT, MF, and MI) shall be filed in the Johnson Superior Court No.
1 and the Johnson Superior Court No. 3, on a random and even basis.
Small Claims. Small Claims (SC) cases shall be filed in the Johnson Circuit Court, Johnson Superior Court No. 1,
Johnson Superior Court No. 2, and Johnson Superior Court No. 3 on a random and even basis. Small Claims cases
shall be heard by the Magistrate of the Johnson Circuit and Superior Courts.
Protection Order. Protection Order cases shall be filed in the Johnson Circuit Court, Johnson Superior Court No. 1,
Johnson Superior Court No. 2, and Johnson Superior Court No. 3 on a random and even basis, unless involving the
same parties as an existing Domestic Relations (DR) or Juvenile Paternity (JP) case.
1.
 Protection Order (PO) cases not associated with Dissolution (DR) or Juvenile Paternity (JP) cases shall be
heard by the Magistrate of the Johnson Circuit and Superior Courts.
2.
 Protection Order (PO) cases associated with Domestic Relations (DR) or Juvenile Paternity (JP) cases shall
be opened in the courts wherein such associated cases are pending.

LR41A.
B.
C.
- CR2.2 - 086:
 Random Case Assignment.
Felonies. In conjunction with the Amended Johnson County Plan for Allocation of Judicial Resources, and subject to
the provisions of LR41 - CR2.2 - 087 and LR41 - CR2.2 - 88, all cases involving Felonies shall assigned on a random
and equal basis among the Johnson Circuit Court, Johnson Superior Court No. 2, and Johnson Superior Court No. 3.
Misdemeanors, Infractions, and Ordinance Violations.
1.
 All Criminal Misdemeanors (CM) filed for the purposes of a trail de novo from the Franklin City Court or the
2.
Miscellaneous1.
2.
Greenwood City Court shall be filed and heard in the Johnson Circuit Court.
In conjunction with the Amended Johnson County Plan for Allocation of Judicial Resources, and subject to
the provisions of LR41 – CR2.2 – 086 and LR41 – CR2.2 – 087, all other Criminal Misdemeanor (CM),
Infraction (IF), and Ordinance Violation (OV) cases shall be assigned on a random basis among the Johnson
Circuit Court, the Johnson Superior Court No. 1, the Johnson Superior Court No. 2, and the Johnson Superior
Court No. 3. The distribution between the courts shall be:
a.
 One quarter (25%) of such cases shall be filed in the Johnson Circuit Court, the Johnson Superior
Court No. 1, and the Johnson Superior Court No. 2 on an random and even basis;
b.
 The remaining three-quarters (75%) of such cases shall be filed in the Johnson Superior Court No.
3;
c.
 Infraction and Ordinance Violation cases shall be heard by the Magistrate of the Johnson County
Circuit and Superior Courts; and,
d.
 Unless set forth otherwise herein, Criminal Misdemeanor cases filed in the Johnson Circuit Court,
the Superior Court No. 1, and the Johnson Superior Court No. 2, shall be heard by the Magistrate of
the Johnson County Circuit and Superior Courts.
Criminal (MC) Cases.
Search Warrants. Miscellaneous Criminal cases opened for Search Warrants shall be assigned among the
Johnson Circuit Court, Johnson Superior Court No. 1, Johnson Superior Court No. 2, and Johnson Superior
Court No. 3 based upon the annual Judges' On-Call Schedule.
Grand Jury. Miscellaneous Criminal cases opened for Grand Jury proceedings shall be opened in the court of
the supervising Judge, pursuant to Rule LR41-CR00-091.




ples may be found in our online “QCS www.courts.in.gov/admin/2462.htm.number, which corresponds with the 